Fix disturbance documents (#59)
ut-issl/s2e-documents: Specifications/Disturbance/Spec_GeoPotential.md

   - The `GeoPotential` class calculates the gravity acceleration of the earth with the [EGM96](https://cddis.nasa.gov/926/egm96/) geo-potential model.

2. Related files
   - `src/disturbances/geopotential.cpp`
   - `src/disturbances/geopotential.hpp`
   - `s2e-core/ExtLibraries/GeoPotential/egm96_to360.ascii`
     - The EGM96 geopotential coefficients file was downloaded from [NASA's EMG96 website](https://cddis.nasa.gov/926/egm96/getit.html), but we cannot access it now.

3. How to use   
   - Make an instance of the `GeoPotential` class in `InitializeInstances` function in `disturbances.cpp`
     - Create an instance by using the initialization function `InitGeoPotential`

>    - Chose a orbit propagator mode that considers disturbances.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
   - Choose an orbit propagator mode that considers disturbances.
```

[NITS] typo

Author: ありがとうございます。修正したのでマージします。
